README.md, before:

# unexpected-dom

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/unexpected-dom.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/unexpected-dom)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Munter/unexpected-dom)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg?style=flat)](https://coveralls.io/r/Munter/unexpected-dom?branch=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Munter/unexpected-dom)

![Unexpected Dom Perignon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Munter/unexpected-dom/master/documentation/unexpectedDom.jpg)

A plugin for [unexpected](https://unexpectedjs.github.io/) that adds custom assertions for DOM elements.

The aim is to lower the amount of mocking around in the DOM in your tests and keep your tests easily readable while providing a high powered set of functionality with unsurpassed error messages.

## Documentation

[Open documentation site](https://munter.github.io/unexpected-dom/).

License
-------

License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2015 Peter Müller [munter@fumle.dk](mailto:munter@fumle.dk)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added a link to the changelog in the documentation

README.md, after:

# unexpected-dom

[![NPM version](https://badge.fury.io/js/unexpected-dom.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/unexpected-dom)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Munter/unexpected-dom)
[![Coverage Status](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg?style=flat)](https://coveralls.io/r/Munter/unexpected-dom?branch=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/Munter/unexpected-dom.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Munter/unexpected-dom)

![Unexpected Dom Perignon](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Munter/unexpected-dom/master/documentation/unexpectedDom.jpg)

A plugin for [unexpected](https://unexpectedjs.github.io/) that adds custom assertions for DOM elements.

The aim is to lower the amount of mocking around in the DOM in your tests and keep your tests easily readable while providing a high powered set of functionality with unsurpassed error messages.

## Documentation

[Open documentation site](https://munter.github.io/unexpected-dom/).

## Releases

You can find the changelog [here](./CHANGELOG.md).

## License

License

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2015 Peter Müller [munter@fumle.dk](mailto:munter@fumle.dk)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
